README.md, before:

# todoList-with-webpack
# Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store

## Project Description
- A lightweight JavaScript project that allows users to interact with a fully client-based interface. Users can add Task that they do to easily keep track of their task. The added tasks can be removed from the list by using the "Remove Task" button.


## Getting Started
If you want a copy of this file go to the github repository and download it

<!-- - [`git clone https://github.com/alexander16108/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store/`](https://github.com/alexander16108/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store.git) -->

After cloning it you can see the project opening the index.html file with your favorite browser 


## Screenshot of the page

### Live Version Link

 <!-- [Live Version](https://alexander16108.github.io/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store/) -->


### Build With
 - HTML
 - JAVASCRIPT
 - CSS
 - WEBPACK



### Contributors

***👤Alexander Mayowa Odufuye***

 GitHub : [@alexander16108](https://github.com/alexander16108)
 
 LinkedIn : [Alexander Odufuye]()

### 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues page.

#### Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

#### Acknowledgments
- Microverse.org for assigning us this project

- The Amazing staff for working round the Clock to make our journey free of bumps.

- The amazing code reviewers for making us improve every day :thumbsup:

### Licence 

This Project is MIT licensed

Commit message:

adding javscript content to project

README.md, after:

# todoList-with-webpack

## Project Description
 > "To-do list" is a tool that helps to organize your day. It simply lists the things that you need to do and allows you to mark them as complete. You will build a simple website that allows for doing that, and you will do it using ES6 and Webpack!


## Getting Started
> If you want a copy of this file go to the github repository and download it. 

<!-- - [`git clone https://github.com/alexander16108/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store/`](https://github.com/alexander16108/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store.git) -->

After cloning it you can see the project opening the index.html file with your favorite browser 


## Screenshot of the page

### Live Version Link

 <!-- [Live Version](https://alexander16108.github.io/Chaws-Awesome-B00k-Store/) -->


### Build With
 - HTML
 - JAVASCRIPT
 - CSS
 - WEBPACK



### Contributors

***👤Alexander Mayowa Odufuye***

 GitHub : [@alexander16108](https://github.com/alexander16108)
 
 LinkedIn : [Alexander Odufuye]()

### 🤝 Contributing
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the issues page.

#### Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

#### Acknowledgments
- Microverse.org for assigning us this project

- The Amazing staff for working round the Clock to make our journey free of bumps.

- The amazing code reviewers for making us improve every day :thumbsup:

### Licence 

This Project is MIT licensed
